# Predictive-FP 

This repository contains the code for the Predictive-FP paper.

## Overview

This project processes fingerprinting data to re-identify devices  and detect unstable attributes across different timeframes using both baseline and Predictive-FP approaches. The tool computes identifiers for devices and generates statistical results for further analysis.

---

## Features

- Detects unstable attributes and computes identifiers using both baseline and predictive-FP approaches.
- Outputs results, including re-identification success rates and number of changes in attributes.
- Generates JSON files with analysis results for each run.

---

## Installation

### Create virtual environment and install dependencies
Run the following command to create a virtual environment:
```
virtualenv --python=/usr/bin/python3 myvenv
```
Then activate the virtual environment with:
```
. myvenv/bin/activate
```

Install the dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Running the evaluation
### baseline and Predictive-FP
To evaluate for a specific number of months, run the following command:
```
python main.py <number_of_months>
```
e.g., to re-identify devices for 1 month, 2 months, ..., up to 6 months, use:
```
python main.py 6
```
## Results
The results will be saved in the result folder for each evaluated duration (in months). The following files will be generated:
### result.json: 
- **Description**: Summarizes the performance of the baseline and Predictive-FP approaches. 
- **Metrics**:
  - **Consistent ID**: An identifier assigned by the system to a specific device across multiple sessions.
  - **Unique ID**: The total distinct values of consistent identifiers generated by the system.
  - **All_ID**: All generated identifiers, both valid and invalid (e.g., multiple identifiers for the same device).

### baseline_changes.json
- **Description**: Lists unstable attributes causing failures in the baseline approach.
- **Metrics**:
  - Counts the number of devices experiencing instability for each attribute.

### predictive_changes.json
- **Description**: Lists unstable attributes causing failures in the Predictive-FP approach.
- **Metrics**:
  - Counts the number of devices experiencing instability for each attribute.

### id.json
- **Description**: Lists generated identifiers for each loginID using both baseline and Predictive-FP approaches.


